feat(core): add asyncapi security-defined lint rule (#2759)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/@v2/rules/async/security-defined.md

Reviewer: The code uses the rule name `security-defined`, but the docs still say `asyncapi-operation-security-defined`
Can you update related changes?

# security-defined

Verifies that every security scheme referenced from an operation or server `security` array is defined in `components.securitySchemes`.

| AsyncAPI | Compatibility |
| -------- | ------------- |
| 2.6      | ✅            |

> | 3.0      | ✅            |

Reviewer 2: @harshit078 please update PR description.

> | 3.0      | ✅            |

Author: Hi @DmitryAnansky updated PR description

## API design principles

In AsyncAPI 2.x, `security` entries on operations and servers are bare security scheme names that must match a key under `components.securitySchemes`.

> A typo or rename leaves the reference dangling, and the document remains structurally valid — the mismatch is only visible to clients at runtime.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A typo or rename breaks the reference but the document remains structurally valid.
The key mismatch is only visible to clients at runtime.
```

In AsyncAPI 3.0, `security` entries are `SecurityScheme` objects, typically expressed as `$ref`s into `components.securitySchemes`. The rule reports when a security `$ref` does not point into `components.securitySchemes` or when it points at a name that is not defined there.

> This rule catches those name mismatches at lint time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In AsyncAPI 3.0, `security` entries are `SecurityScheme` objects, typically expressed as `$ref`s into `components.securitySchemes`. 

The `security-defined` rule reports when a security `$ref` does not point into `components.securitySchemes` or when it points at a name that is not defined there.
This rule catches these name mismatches at lint time.
```

# security-defined

Verifies that every security scheme referenced from an operation or server `security` array is defined in `components.securitySchemes`.

| AsyncAPI | Compatibility |
| -------- | ------------- |
| 2.6      | ✅            |
| 3.0      | ✅            |

## API design principles

In AsyncAPI 2.x, `security` entries on operations and servers are bare security scheme names that must match a key under `components.securitySchemes`.
A typo or rename breaks the reference but the document remains structurally valid.
The key mismatch is only visible to clients at runtime.

> In AsyncAPI 3.0, `security` entries are `SecurityScheme` objects, typically expressed as `$ref`s into `components.securitySchemes`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In AsyncAPI 3.0, `security` entries are `SecurityScheme` objects, typically expressed as `$ref`s into `components.securitySchemes`.
```
